---
layout: post
title: Refill
---

***My Fisher Space Pen leaked***; the brand's legendary status is in jeopardy!  Aaaaaaaaaaaaaa!

(Think calming thoughts Baz…)

On Tuesday I dropped my pen, thought nothing of it.

On Wednesday I noticed excessive smudging (I'm left-handed.)

*Today* I got my magnifying glass out after a particularly nasty blob of ink appeared on my planner.  And transferred to my finger.  And highlighter pens.  A blob of ink that even after half a day resisted all attempts to cover by careful applications of white paper from an on-a-roll dispenser.

Now the magnifier is ordinarily almost useless, having a too-small, rectangular, lowish powered main glass and a tiny ancillary, but insanely-powerful inset magnifier.  It's with this second, a lens having an extraordinarily shallow focus depth, that I found the end of the pen refill had split.

When it dropped, all-of 73cm onto industrial-strength office carpet, it must have impacted something hard-enough to break one side of the ball retaining sleeve.

Unprecedented.

Yes, I *have* got a spare refill.

Phew!

It - a fine point replaced by the new-year medium black - is about to run out.

Living on borrowed time now; it's probably the most excitement I'll have all week.

Let's face it, at work on an otherwise-unremarkable day, I managed to defeat the very best American engineering - a pen designed to write in zero-G, upside-down, underwater, in extraordinarily hostile environments - by dropping it on the floor. 

Danger, it follows me everywhere.

---

Addendum:

It's a myth that the Americans spent squillions of dollars developing the pen whilst the Russians used a pencil.  [Snopes.com link.](http://www.snopes.com/business/genius/spacepen.asp)
