---
layout: post
title: Misc
---

I've not blogged for a couple of days, hence this ragtag collection of unconnected thoughts.  Incidentally, I've set a target of a minimum of 5 a week.  Easy.  Really, it is.

---

## Personal

**Valentine's Day tomorrow.**  My attempt at subterfuge failed utterly; my wife spotted the single red rose as I arrived back home.  It's on the fireplace now, but at least she doesn't know what I wrote inside the card.

I must add an X on the envelope, it's been *11* years since her first flower, not 10.

Doh!

---

## Tech

**I'm finally on the verge of getting the the Raspberry Pi.**  My first task after connecting it all up, setting identities and updating and installing whatever I think I need: blogging infrastructure.

Of course I'm not going to be doing it the easy way.

* Install the GitLab\* software and clone my repos locally, bring sure to clone the upstream repo hourly,
* Install Ruby & support for Ruby gems - if it's not already there,
* Install the Jekyll static website & blog generator,
* Install Glynn, a Ruby gem that copies the site to a remote ftp location - my web host's server,
* Setup a cron job to build & upload my local site every couple of hours,
* Test it all,
* Turn it all off, make it headless, turn it on again and wait and see what happens next,
* Realise I've forgotten to set up SSH on my phone, piss about for a bit longer…

Tip of the iceberg.

\*I chose Gitlab in preference to GitHub - where most of my stuff still resides - because of the free private repos which will allow me to test Glynn with ftp passwords in plain text.  Until I've figured it all out Gitlab is it, but I'm not averse to paying GitHub and taking advantage of its community and brand-awareness.

Decisions…

---

## Tech

**Dash app (Android) for App.net has been misbehaving for a while.**  I finally decided to uninstall it and use Robin (Drift no longer works at all well.)  No notifications support means I've had to setup an IFTTT recipe to alert me via Pushover.

It'd be nice to have Dash's more stable timeline position.

I'll probably go back to Dash quickly, muscle memory and all that…

---

## Family

**Tuesday will bring the first home visit by the behavioural specialist assigned to my oldest, autistic, daughter.**  I can't say I'm looking forward to it, I already feel under the microscope as it is.

---

## Personal

**Carlo sausage!**  You know.
