---
layout: post
title: Ruby dog
---

If you're not following me on [App.net](http://app.net) you're missing out on the occasional post about Ruby - our dog.

Ruby's lovely.  Approaching her first birthday, as she's grown she's lost none of her puppy enthusiasm; as she's become more accustomed to our commands, we've tempered none of that quivering anticipation of awesome things about to happen.

Here's a flavour of her impact on our lives, just my posts:

Planning required:

> "@pme Aren't the little buggers great? A good thing it's nothing like Ruby 'Chomp-all' Dog. The rest of my family hadn't quite understood the importance of *putting things away.* But there is an expectation that adults can put stuff in a safe place, right?"

Not *quite* according to plan:

> "@indigo @rabryst I made sure that, if my wife was going to get a dog, said dog would be hypoallergenic, smart, and would not shed fur. Ruby has not let us down once, she's awesome. A mutant compared to all the others round here, but awesome. :)"

Conflict:

> “@matigo The cat woke me, I went downstairs to feed him and his sister - and Ruby dog - only to find she'd emptied out the contents of a box all over the living room floor. Hairbrushes, broken crayons, spectacles, pencils, paper, card, sticky tape, lipgloss…
> 
> … a plastic troll too! All chewed, damp. :/
> My wife can sort it out when she comes home from work; she's the one who leaves stuff out, allows the girls to, then complains when the dog chews.
> Yeah, I just threw it all back in & stomped upstairs. :/"

Striving for an uncomplicated existence:

> "@hazardwarning @hutattedonmyarm I didn't go looking deeper, Ruby dog wanted me to play with her ball. Simple things… :)"

And, this self-referential [\#QuoteSunday](https://alpha.app.net/hashtags/quotesunday) post:

> '"Ruby dog, GET OFF MY PENIS!!!"\*
> - @bazbt3
> 
> Slightly\* disconcerting #QuoteSunday quote.
> 
> \*I mentioned my hedonistic lifestyle earlier in the evening, never thinking it'd come to this!'

True joy arrives unbidden in life, often unexpectedly, and in many different forms.  Whilst bent over cleaning the cats' litter tray, wearing a gaping dressing gown with the dog nuzzling one's man-bits though, trying to not startle Ruby 'Chomp-all' Turner though‽ 

Yeah, why not.

---

FYI: I am [@bazbt3 on App.net.](http://app.net/bazbt3)
