---
layout: post
title: Todo list
---

Where do I start?

Perhaps I need a list for that.

I've had list managers, todo managers, GTD task managers and have even flirted with full-blown project management software.  In all-but-one case I've eventually and habitually snoozed, or edited-to-postpone, tasks.

That one piece of software: Omnifocus for iOS.

I slated its developers for a bug-ridden update after the transition from iOS 6 to iOS 7.  *Every* piece of useful software eventually breaks, but…

On Android now after a sidestep to Windows Phone, I must say I *miss* Omnifocus with its rich feature set and calendar integration.

Thats my *personal* productivity mentioned, there's something important to note… 

I use no productivity software at work.

I have a yellow Sigel Conceptum A5 squared notepad in which I write important things using a Fisher Space Pen.  But the writing thing and the thing on which I write aren't that important; what I write *is.*

I have a system.

### From the top:

* The year,
* Week number, month, date,
* Date entry with date.

### Entry, left to right:

* Priority: only a '!' - used sparingly.
* An arrow-of-sorts indicating moved from a previous day.
* A checkbox, triangle or 'clock' indicating respectively: todo, done; a required change; or a time function such as late for work, a vacation/holiday.
* A descriptive line indicating what I must do, who asked me, and job/task reference numbers.

I recently started allowing entries to span lines.  It took 5 months; I was afraid of compromises, dilution of effect.

<pre>
2016
2 January 18th
 ↪[ ] Tidy desk
  [✔] SolidWorks Vault deletions
  [ ] Catch up with previous tasks
!  🔺  Change (size on component)
   🕒  Sick: 11:35-
</pre>

I've been using this system since June 2015; it's a keeper!
