---
layout: post
title: 'Raspberry Pi!'
---

Raspberry Pi update.  Firstly, and finally, I bought one!  The day before Valentine's Day; the trembling anticipation of using 'Amazon Prime Now' proved too strong to resist.  The delivery arrived 1-1/2 hours after my finger left the 'Buy Now' button!

Dont worry, my wife got the card and a single red rose!

Back to techy stuff:

Yesterday I:

* Installed the GitLab\* software.  Badly.
* Installed Ruby & support for Ruby gems.
* Installed the Jekyll static website & blog generator.
* Installed Glynn, a Ruby gem that copies the site to a remote ftp location.

I say I installed GitLab badly; I failed to setup the program's ability to email activation links to new users.  The next step *was* going to be fix that and progress to setting up the  authorisation keys necessary to clone my online git repositories…

I let enthusiasm cloud my judgment.

I, again badly, uninstalled GitLab, and tried every other GUI git program installer.

Ruby, the key to everything I need, wasn't playing along with the new stuff I wanted to install.  I'd started with RVM but got rid of that and threw RBENV on instead (remembering the hardship I faced trying to get ayadn_shell to run.)

(time passed…)

To cut a long story short, it's a good thing I'm running the Raspbian Debian Linux installed by something called NOOBS; it has a quick & easy reset to factory settings option on reboot.  So I used it.

Wiped, restarted, re-entered new password and computer name; **compy386** - to replace my previous laptop, a machine named **lappy486**.  (It's pointless going with a strict chronology at a time like this!)
